parents can build castles in the sand before
time runs out like sand to explode in
sand is nice
even when parents pour out on you
nice new kinetic sand this
recent invention which made
sand alive plastic and loose loose
and viscous unique material in your
hands are not toxic
it is plastic like that you can see here he
you see he doesn't crumble and he
decays and decays know
every grain of sand is very nice
feel this fresh soft
disintegrating awesomeness to tests
now in your hands of learning and even
treating children with this smart
toys baby plays not only hands
he plays all motor quiche
system the thought process is very much
depend a lot on the movement of your arms and
legs of fingers and those and others under both
moves arm with legs think so
wide going baby wide
we think narrow for child space and
before thinking in on more kinetic
sand is everything to play comfortably
neatly wide oilcloth with sides
sand molds and sand itself in that baby
grabs mints skips through fingers
great meaning and great value and
every mom is very important somehow baby
while becoming beautiful holy
traffic light when it stops on time
rushing through a ravine jump up
it is necessary to make here clearly
calculate your work advice payment
such fingers but hands without workers
the reflexes business is not me rainbow and
perception of the world of the game is already in the bodies
feelings for this
topics about time so that our children
life all succeeded they were successful and in
In this sense , they must be
do not interfere
play and promote the game correctly
they need to be managed and directed
and the fingers of the hands and feet movement has
literally healing effect and when
the discipline of the fingers feet
automatically goes into the frame interfere
vertebrae is very important because
a lot of children during childbirth
get birth injuries tires subluxation
what's inside how to understand the subject
closing his eyes such exercises are trained
Vision He is an example looking for letters Thai massage
fingers, too, by touch and can be determined
what kind of letters yes here already comes
job site cute analyzer how would
closed his eyes
if you are all coronation works
follow the blast of sight
visual analyzer
you are included in one hundred percent work
little mouse and that means it pulls all
eye muscles
which means myopia is removed then
there will be eyes at the baby cries such
home sandbox
therapeutic space work
hands the real therapy we
bring out our experiences we are on
touch understand everything flows everything changes
can be destroyed or create split
or connect to become solid
or be supple unknowingly but little one
understands the world around and he's in
his hands and at first it seemed
ordinary sand
turned kinetic clever toy